My Goals

1. Why do I want to learn this skill?What does it mean to you? What are your motivations? Will you prove something to yourself or people around you? Will you get a raise because you’re better at your job or will you get a better job?

I am very passionate about programming, Programming is a skill you would want to have knowledge of in this era of technological advacement, I'm into this field of programming to help me advance and find my way through to a comfortable zone in the tech era. Being able to write a program gives me a sense of belonging to something greater, something that is bringing change to the world on a daily basis,i am able to help solve problems in ways which benefit all others,my major motivation is myself,my friends and my trainers(both in-person and online), they inspire me to do more. I program not to prove anything to anyone but to push me forward.I believe with the knowledge of programming i'll be able to get a better job or create jobs for people.  



2. What will I achieve if I learn this skill?Which doors will this skill open for you? Will you be able to earn more, have more flexibility in your
work hours, work remotely and travel more?

Learning this skill is going to make me better and push me forward in my career, it's also going to give me the opportunity to connect to a lot people in the dev-community as well as people beyond the community. 


3. How will this skill change my life and my career?Would you get a raise at your current job or more respect from your boss once you’ve learnt this skill? Or will you be at Facebook, Amazon or Google instead? How would your life change?

Web development has changed my career choice, 3 years ago when i got introduced to the world of technology and programming I was bouncing in and around various aspects of the field, I think I've made my choice now and i'm sticking with web development.



4. How will learning this skill impact the lives of my family ,
friends and coworkers?
What will you be able to do for your family or friends once you’ve learnt this skill? How will it change
the way they think of you? Will your coworkers respect you more?

5. How will I feel if I never accomplish this?Would you feel disappointed? Would you feel like you’ve missed out?
I'm not really sure how i would feel if I'm not able to accomplish this because i don't see any reason why i should quit but should it happen, I am ever ready to pick up from where i stopped, I will definitely feel left out when that happens though.


6. What would my life look like if I manage to accomplish this?
Life always feels great when you accomplish something, I'll be really grateful and glad i did not disappoint myself
